looks like we
[Music]
leave oh yeah these strawberries aren't
that good okay so what we're doing
today is we're going to try to do two
we're going to try to rrap the
amp and then we're going to schematic
and do the
filter
maybe I should do the envelope generator
instead of the
filter I do the amp in the envelope
generator and then we might make a
custom
footprint because all my
boards the ja the one 1x02
connector 2. 54 mm pin headers they're
too close together and
uh
okay
right so
first
um
okay first let's just do the
amp all
right okay
so
okay
so how's that okay the first thing I
wanted to look at was let's take this
let's look at
Footprints and am I quiet let me go up a
little
bit
okay
whoa
hey I I was looking do they have
fuse they do have
fuses that is very nice fuse holder cuz
I need a fuse
holder cuz all right there's two things
about my power supply that make
absolutely no freaking sense the first
one is that I hard
soldered the The Regulators into the
board when I should have put sockets
because
dumbass and then I also want to
fuse because I keep blowing this and I I
don't want to waste all my
Regulators um so that's a a note about
fuses and power supply design I
guess
um they have little built-in filter
that's
cool
okay so what are we doing we're we're
looking at
connectors connector
pin
um
okay should we go through this custom
footprint
editor it shouldn't be that
hard
um
mm
[Music]
wait it's a
pin I think we want hole
though is there just a
hole mounting
hole is this connected though what are
the colors
mean see this is
connected so if I were to like put one
of these
here oh well okay whatever and then we
go to the
PCB
so
yeah right I don't have any
connection so so that looks a little
big
um so what I'm thinking is
like the pitch should be okay so if we
just had two circles like
this
um it's probably a measurement tool so
if
I switch
back that's 2.2 mm I guess that's kind
of big but it only goes up from there I
guess cuz that's mounting holes is there
just Norm noral hole it doesn't look
like it oh there's
jumper oh that's cool it's like a Zer
Ohm resistor that's nice I don't have
any of those
though
um
okay wait what's the general
connector what is that let me look at
the
that looks pretty good to me is there a
measurement tool in
here oh it's built in but it doesn't
tell me the
freaking thing in millimeters I want it
in
millimeters right I don't think that's
millimeters
that is useful to know wow that's a lot
of
[Music]
them all right so let's do that
one pads to
D okay wait let's
is that measuring that's not
measuring
okay why doesn't it show me in
millimeters
I'm so confused okay let me
measure
this
DX it says dist but that's in Grid
points
right
wait use
millimet no way that's 30 mm
across that's 3 cm that's too much okay
wait let's try
this I guess okay I guess this no but
dist is absolute wait but
DX okay that is in
the unit
okay so then
this is 5
mm and this
is okay I don't hate
this oh God look at that oh
Jesus actually I think I like the what
are those
ones not those what are those Footprints
called that you like
uh I think it's going to be in
here and it's not just
these what let me
see
what okay CAD what are those Footprints
called they are
like R hole pin
sockets but they have screws on the
top
to
ter screw terminal
blocks
uh
yeah okay so what should I look
up oh there you
go
oh
great okay what are those keyboard
shortcuts again I saw one
for toggle 3D model is
not I don't
know bro give me some 3D models so that
I know what I'm looking
at
come on dude are you guys
kidding
me bro how do I
filter
p
v toggle 3D models not impos
file
how do I filter that out of
here
but ideally I use terminal
blocks I don't have a
terminal block
thing
two three and four
pole it's got a pretty big footprint
but I don't think I need
this I think I want to make a
[Music]
footprint
for
okay all right that was just out of
curiosity
um I liked
the no what was I looking
at I don't know what all these
connectors are there's so many
connectors but I like
this banana
Jack this didn't have
any 3 cm is too
much well
like I'm curious if I do
this
[Music]
uh
so if I took this footprint can
I how do we open the footprint
editor create delete and edit
footprints
okay right okay so what I wanted to do
was go to
connector well we can do pin header
1x3
vertical so we
could duplicate it
bro what how do you
what
um it my wait hold on new library
oh no I'll put it in
there
um I'll put it in connector
actually my two
pin connector I don't know
dude what see now we're getting into the
weird oh wait why did I want one
by3 no yeah I wanted 1 by3 and then I'm
going to delete one of the
pads okay save as new
library
Global
um my
library um okay my two
pin
Jack
um actually I want to look at does this
thing have the okay
good so I want to go to
connector what the
audio
I don't want a
TS oh what is that oh
description TRS
TRS can we look up
mono dude why is mono show up there you
guys are dumb
asses we want wait we want horizontal
come
on dude how do you get out of this
without using the
mouse
[Music]
stupid can we just look
up 3.5
mm
stereo let's just
see
great all right I'm getting distracted
we're not going to use these Jacks
although I know that
the Kad stuff at the bottom of the
morat stuff uses that but okay so here's
what we're going to do we're going
to hold
on there's no control o
here okay fine so let me go to
my okay so now we're just going to
delete this and then we're going to
two let's see oh three does it still
work
um I mean I'm fine with just oh but how
do you delete that okay wait so I need
to disassociate the 3D model with
it okay but now what we want to do is we
want to grow
this
oh that's huge we need to make our grid
size
smaller wait we're on the silk screen is
that what we want I think we want this
layer wait what is this
okay a come
on that is insanity
how do you select only
the this is like group
together why can't you just select
Center I don't
understand oh there you
go
okay and then I don't actually pad shape
circular okay now what do we want to
yeah all right so maybe I should just
actually do this we're going to
go what was that
file new footprint through
hole my really cool two pin
discard okay so now what we
need let's see
here edit the pad
properties load
footprint
tools ad pad Okay
add I wish I I dude I wish this program
had tabs like in vs code where I could
just look at two of them at the same
time like can I just okay I can sort
of right so what is this
called so that's just a drawing on the
fabrication
layer ffab okay then what is this that
is a line on the courtyard okay so
wait Kad layers
meaning
oh
neat is this go to a Wikipedia or
nice glue areas only needed if
components are on the bottom side during
Reflow
soldering Courtyard are used to define a
Courtyard area where no other component
should be placed okay
it's kind of duplicate because if my
design rules
have but that's fine I don't know why it
has to be a bunch of lines but why don't
we select these
lines should I make them bigger I feel
like this is
fine how did how did they do it
huh does it really
matter wait
save how did they do it see what is it
didn't change the grid size though did
it so why how were they able to get this
thing in the
middle when I
wasn't okay well we're going to just see
how this goes okay now we want we're in
here we want to place a
pad wait what layer were we on we on the
court oh yeah so okay so when you copy
things over it actually copies over the
uh
okay see come on
guys okay so let me just draw it out on
paper we
want something that's 50%
bigger and pitch
of and a pitch of um
5.08 so okay so we want two circles
they're Center to Center distance it's
going to be
5.08 mm okay then what is a
normal pad for
1X
so okay so the hole is one okay so
typical uh hole
for 1X n
is 1.7
mm
diameter pad pad diameter and 1
hole so what we want
is I think the whole size can stay the
same but I think the diameter should be
wait if I just
no
2.5 okay let's try
that all right so Place pad
here
here okay now
this it's a through hole it is the first
number we're going to fix that the
diameter of the pad is 1.5 *
1.7 and then the whole diameter is still
going to be 1
mm application
property I don't know about that
all preview padn sketch
mode okay
so why is my audio
lagging
test it's
weird
okay it's fast now all right we're back
to whatever so let's see clearance
overrides no we don't want any clearance
overrides actually it would be nice to
even make this
2.54 which is the
well okay let's just do that
um all right so we made some big honken
pads but now wait if I do control I can
place them but we don't really want
that okay we want this in the center and
we want this can I group these
somehow
grouping
group okay so now I can just move this
around okay that's
nice DIY
footprinting really really interesting
stuff so now what we can do is we can
just delete this and copy
this and
then where's my measure tool so if this
is this is two things apart so this is
perfect so this is exactly what I want I
just need to move
this like
that and then we and then we we also
want a
rule wait we do want to rule
though huh
oh yeah I hate this thing you have to
right so you can do this and then you
can say keep
out tracks Vias
pads and
Footprints I don't know what the hatch
means but okay so now we can do dude why
is it line
based okay so now we need to make this
outline we need to fix this can I just
delete this I don't I don't like this
thing at
all I want to draw a rectangle on the
courtyard how's
that that's pretty big but we're going
to
see I like that I don't know why it's
done with
lines all right well we're oh wait why
is this pin
one why is this not Square don't we want
this to be the square oh chamford bro
should we get a little chamford
going oh
man all right so wait hold on let's save
this and let's go back at this guy and
if we look at this it's
rectangular okay so we do want to make
pin one so it's it's all up to whoever
did this
but looks kind of weird
but it's my really cool two
pin um so now what we want to do is we
want to duplicate this so this is done
right right or wait we need the rule
area add a rule
area and keep
out
everything
what
okay
so so then when we
pick two pin or one XO whatever we're
just going to select this and I think
everything will be fine okay so we're
going to do this
again
wait what
no no I want this one
duplicated okay there we go and we want
to delete
this okay so now here can we rename
it my really
[Music]
cool three pin okay so now all we need
to do is move
this down by
two we duplicate this and move this
one two okay then we need to change the
rule let go down to here and so this
will be the power
connector and anything we use for
potentiometers okay
all right so it's easy to make
Footprints it's just kind of uh tedious
but it's
easy is this distances correct I really
would hate for these distance 5.8 5.8
okay and then this
is
5.8
15 okay all right so I think we're good
so now what we want to do is we want to
change the footprints here but we'll do
that after so now we can get to the
schematic this is
all okay
because it has the right number of
connections and pads so now we can get
to pulling
up all right so we want to delete
everything
now we want to pull up the VCA which is
here oh it's a VCF all
right I'm actually going to move this so
you can't see
it all right we can finally get started
so we have two connectors
okay then we have a 10x
divider so what we want to
do I don't know know how to expand
my selection then we want to
ground I like doing
this now we have this in
[Music]
view
water the
Ming
un
okay uh now we just need the
transistors wait we can do the wiring
after just get all the components added
okay
so we only need two of these but I only
have quad
opamps um all right so let's put this
here let's add this here we need to
actually how do you expand
it okay there we go
uh I don't know how other people do this
uh and then this pot is grounded down
here and then we have a plus
12 I should watch some more videos
but I've only done like I've only done
like one board still maybe two
boards and my mom's calling
me
okay how's my volume test test
okay all right so what are we doing here
we got the power now we need
a oh
wait Cher bro you got that
champer anybody messing with the champer
some serious
okay so this is a
pot okay
then
all right we need one
here one
here and then we have this one and then
we just need a ground
here we'll do all the wiring
after okay then we need a
resistor
here we going move all this
in
okay then we need two
resistors we need two more
resistors there's a bunch of
resistors okay then we need
one here connected to the
base okay so we amplify
it
okay then we
want something here and then we use a
variable this is the best part of the
circuit okay so we don't have any
variables so the reason so that's why we
switch it up with
a
and then here's what we
do
um oh wait this is used as a
potentiometer but I don't know
why it's got the line through it
maybe I'll have to breadboard this
out I remember I asked
but well in that case all right let's
just do what I think it the obvious
thing
is so then we have this and we can just
do
this no that's
cringe
okay okay now do
this B goes
here
okay then this is the
out so I'll do do
this
and
this okay that's pretty nice and I think
we need another ground
here okay so this
one goes
to and then this
one go goes to
here okay then we already have this so
we
can that goes to the
base then these are tied
[Music]
together we have this
resistor
okay let's wire this
up
so and
[Music]
then
okay I think that's the whole circuit
pretty simple so now we delete all the
unnecessary
stuff I don't actually know what the
I don't really know what this pot does
oh wait let me forgot to
ground and then we probably need to oh
yeah okay we did that I forgot that we
did this
part everything seems is good so now
we're going to go to this thing and I
love this thing so now the
1x3 I'm going to delete so wait can we
refresh okay nice I love that that is
really
cool uh we want to delete this too and
then j4 we going to delete
this
okay okay so this
is
my really cool three
pin this is a really cool too P wait
wait wait wait wait wait wait wait that
doesn't look is
that pink why does that look different
than this one no it's
not oh
okay wait why is this one diff
different
okay so that checks out transistors are
all good 16
resistors um they all get the same
footprint
print well 16
resistors yeah but there's not much
else I think routing this on the 70 by
100 mm boards is going to be a walk in
the
park okay so we're going to do this in
the envelope generator in the envelope
generator we'll use one of the
other synth square waves to drive it I
guess
what
for
okay so I always forget what we use but
we
use five pitch no I think we use seven
pitch and then the
potentiometer it's
100k
oh I think you know what I think it is I
think it's just
the
I think it's that it's a
trimmer I think that's the symbol for
trimmer to a pot
there and a trimmer there I think there
I don't know why it says that you
need diodes
too
right the problem is the bill of
materials doesn't match the drawing
because it has all the production stuff
in it
um right so it's actually doubled okay
it all makes sense the one with the line
through it is the trimmer so this is
actually a trim
pot it's 100K trim pot so we want to go
to
resistor
trim I guess there's
nothing oh
potentiometer
[Music]
trim neither of these are trim or this
one's definitely not a trimmer what did
we
do for
if I try
to can I do
[Music]
new cuz I want to see what did I do on
the other
one
but I don't want to close all my
stuff what if I do
this okay so then I
open uh the
vco we look at this
schematic open anyway okay then we go to
the trimmer is here what's the footprint
on
this
vishe let's just copy that and then we
can close this
thing we can close this okay then we can
go back to
here footprint of
this bro what oh yeah that's so
annoying I don't even think it has a 3D
model so
cringe all right what else do we need
here okay so we have all the footprints
done now it's time for Value assignment
so this is just
boring
okay
R1 nice it's exactly what I was hoping
for
R3 goes
to
the hold on we need to do this
that's the CV one that's also a
100K
R4 it's a
20K R5 is a
100k this is an 82k oh this is so fast
I'm getting so good at
this R 8
20K
20K 10 K
[Music]
10K
100K
100K what is that matched with oh it's
match with the feedback path
okay all right that was so so quick I'm
like a freaking
badass all right so now we can save it
go over to
here okay so the first thing that we do
I should start to template these out but
whatever so we're going to make this
thing
70 zoom out
it's 70 by
100 I'm going go a little under so that
we have some uh wiggle
room okay now where oh I drew that in
can
I how do I move this to a new
layer move
nice and that's in Edge
Cuts nice okay now we can import all of
our
stuff oh yeah walk in the park
bro okay so now I just want to go back
and make a little note to myself on what
is what
so all right so let's go to this thing I
love this thing this bulk editor is the
best okay so
J1
power
J2
CV oh it doesn't let you zoom out I
think it's CV
j3 is a
Sig
signal j4 is
output and J5
is
um
knob CV or CV
knob control knob
whatever okay so I start out by doing
everything by
moving okay and
then can I just do
this so these are just holes and that's
actually kind of exact that's more
correct to what I want and so now there
isn't
sadly
there isn't a good
way what does that mean I don't know
what oh oh I know what that
means that's
cool okay
so do
this I don't know if that's in the
middle okay then r or J2 is
CV so put
CV here I guess
[Music]
okay I'm back and we are ready to
rumble
okay
um we can place this anywhere so why
don't we place this well okay okay so
let's do this
it'll be on the back side so it doesn't
really matter then we're going to put
this
here I
guess we can go out and
under seems
good okay then let's move both of these
up a bunch
so that we have some room at the
bottom okay now we just got to get to
let me put my schematic on the other
window hold on I think a snack is
here
I
chocolate croissant in fact it's a
double chocolate
[Music]
croissant
okay
um
let's
see if we're doing this and
J two is
CV where do we want the transistors to
go
okay we got to think about
this
let's at least set the net
classes
um I I Clos the other one I'm so
annoying
oh
wait
okay we'll check what this one
is 0.5 and
0.6
but if we look look at what I
used for the
PSU
yeah I think it'll be very reasonable to
do
[Music]
that
okay so let's set that up so what was it
0.8 and
1.2 is that too big is that giving
me I think it's fine
this croissant has
still no chocolate
in
insane how could they do
that double chocolate Kant still has no
chocolate in
it it's
lame
okay well we can at least start
to oh that's cool it highlights them in
the I didn't know it did that it's
cool
so that's the
case we do
this
[Music]
for
okay let's just do
it what the are we
doing
what dude this is the thing about Kad
that is super
annoying and that is the silk screen
that's like the real
thing all right well this is just a
first
draft
for
I don't know how people really do this
it's like so
difficult
for
wait what is this
Molex M Mo
Lexus M Mo Lexus
wait
oh uh okay we're going to see about
that okay yeah this is good so we're
going to put this like we'll put this
here and then we'll put
where does this go to this goes to the
wait that's
q1 wait which one goes
to wait which one's Q
one oh yeah okay so we need to move
this
all right come on we got to speedrun
this because I want to etch today bro I
got I'm itching to
etch so what is this this is
R2 goes to
ground let's put this right
here I mean I don't really know how
people do this
stuff wait but don't we have another
resistor like this
one yeah we got to get it in
there so let's move this one because
this one what is this connecting to that
pot
okay I don't know how people do this
bro where's the 10K which one is it
R7 where's
R7
right that's silly that's the problem
with the schematic is it's hard to like
okay whatever let's go back to
R14 we're going to just do that cuz we
don't even use pin 7even except
for what is is this the one okay this is
for feedback
and could we do
that that's kind of a tight
squeeze I say we could try
that which one goes to
which here we
go
and then we can route into there then
R16 could do that and then you have some
room to get something out of
there and what's this one this is a pot
that goes
where goes to is that plus and minus
interesting and then okay okay so let's
just put
this put this here all right we're going
to
see I mean I'm not good at this process
so but I suspect that it will
be able to do
it right but it made a
via see like it should oh and it didn't
actually get
it but why didn't it get
it wait did it get any of the connectors
oh
interesting okay so my footprints are
wrong
um okay so I think we want to
do is go to this
thing and we want to remove the
rule is this the
rule wait but can we look
at yeah these don't have rules but I
don't
want wait hold on save that
wait do these have rules
no all right so let's delete the
rules all right can we refresh the
page how do we update this with
[Music]
the oh
so how do I do that for
everything what did I even just
do okay I'm just going to do
this oh
wait wait but we don't actually
want to do that because I just spend all
this time routing this thing
I wonder if we could turn this into a
dual
amp I mean it seems like we have this
base for
it seems like we have this spacee for
it
okay so we just want to do
this and then
here if we click on one of these
guys God I hate this selection like why
am I so bad at this
you to like find this special part
that it's impossible so we go here yeah
okay let's try
it no rules
okay so J1 J2 is
CV wait can we do
this uh
okay this is
CV j3 is
signal j4 is
output
J5 is what what is this it's a
potentiometer to
Knob okay so we fixed that let's do free
routing
again no Vias no one via
we should make our net class like
a cuz that's a tiny
hole yeah see like what is up with this
resistor I don't know how to even begin
with this
thing the problem for me is that it
[Music]
works wait I didn't even want to do that
I just wanted to delete this VI
via whole let's make
it I kind of want a big V Let's Make It
mm and 1 mm all right if we try to
reroute this thing does it is it going
to fail because of
that no
okay
okay so to start off with oh yeah hold
on where did this go
to went to
here put this here where did this go
to wait
um I don't remember let's
so bad at this
okay should we put it down
there wait hold on let's do
this
[Music]
d
do you think you're better off
alone do you think you're
[Music]
better do you think you're
better
[Music]
do you
think do you think
think you're better
off do you think you're better
off do you think you're better off alone
do you think you're
better do you think you're better better
Ro do you think you're better
ofone
do you
think
do you think
you're do you think
you're
Ro better Ro long
think
better think you're
[Music]
better do you
thinkone
go to
[Music]
this
giraffage
is
it is
[Music]
it okay I feel like I'm ready to just
send
[Music]
it
I never actually put
[Music]
anything is it
is
[Music]
it is
it
[Music]
going to
you
[Music]
oh I'm not really satisfied with it but
I
guess what did we learn we
um I guess we learned how to make a
custom footprint and it was pretty easy
hello hey baby what you doing why you
keep calling me here why you keep
calling me here you know why you keep
calling me I ain't trying to see your
mama you crazy I'mma to call you back n
I'll call you back I'm hanging out then
I'm coming over don't play with me ah
come on
girl
[Music]
you no
never really m to
me baby you're all that
Mo this is just ground let's just Trace
ground can we just Trace
ground bro give me
ground give me the net
bro how how do I do
this isn't there a
[Music]
highlighter
I don't know how to tell bro like is
this cuz what if I
routed I mean you still need to get to
here
but like okay let's say you did
this why can't I
[Music]
say this seems
dumb
[Music]
well we route power out that
way
[Music]
had it too
much really matter was you my
[Music]
girlfriend
all that matters to
[Music]
me all right so now what we want to do
is we want to Route ground out and
[Music]
back
so this goes to the
[Music]
base really matters much to
see for
[Music]
me really mattered was
my
[Music]
girlfriend
me
[Music]
me to
me
[Music]
yeah we don't want the resistor that
close to the
[Music]
board
close to
[Music]
me is this too close to the
board close to
[Music]
me
close
me that too much to me being close to
me
you damn
[Music]
go
cre close to me
[Music]
where does this need to
go is inside my
[Music]
head
me just hold me
[Music]
close
iose I
see you
don't you're
hold morning will
come and I'll do what
you give me
to give up
[Music]
this I kind of want to write my own Auto
router but it seems like such
a
[Music]
can you tell me can you tell me can you
tell me
[Music]
me
tell you
[Music]
tell you tell
nice
[Music]
oh can you tell me can you tell me can
you tell
[Music]
me you tell me
you you tell me you
[Music]
me you tell me you tell
meun
[Music]
I feel
right you
baby tell me I feel
[Music]
right shut the up I
got
me
[Music]
you can you tell me
you you me you tell me
[Music]
the
I need close to
[Music]
me
one
[Music]
I need to feel close to me
close close to
me to feel close to
me
to be close to
[Music]
me to
me feel close to
me
[Music]
okay
wait yeah
[Music]
need to feel close to
me
BR close to
[Music]
me to
me
[Music]
all right let's do
it bu Belo generator here we
come 130 come on what am I doing
[Music]
bro you
home you home get you home I you you
home can I take you home girl can I take
you home can I take you home girl can I
take you
[Music]
home
[Applause]
[Music]
oh
[Laughter]
[Music]
yo that's what's up
giraffage
[Music]
come
on come
[Music]
on
she
[Music]
my
myet
[Music]
[Laughter]
come
[Music]
on
come
on come
[Music]
on
uhhuh honey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey
hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey
hey hey hey
hey
uhhuh
[Music]
honey
okay to
okay I
[Music]
to I just to hear
[Laughter]
[Music]
okay I just want to he
the
[Music]
to
hear I to he
[Music]
[Laughter]
the
away
[Music]
okay
I just want to hear
[Music]
we
hello
[Music]
now usually I don't do this but uh go
ahead bre them off with little previews
of the remake
I'm not trying
[Music]
toind
feel
[Music]
take got
everything
[Music]
okay this makes sense but now what's up
with that diode and the
resistor
oh I get it
[Music]
okay
n
[Music]
[Laughter]
but
[Music]
LOL
LOL this lol smiley face LOL SMY face
call my phone I was busy I was busy
cruising in that be around the city the
city then I F my phone bu I know that
she like I'm a bad boy like then she
text
baby she
another alone I text SMY face and said
let's do the she said LOL boy you crazy
come
she got to ask me sit that little face
with the tongue cuz I'm nasty I'm on my
way
[Music]
lol
lol this LOL face LOL SM face me the Tex
see your boy a smiley
face we can make a Sex on myone on herp
when she turn around make it say oh God
beautiful CU off student girl holding
down her CU and she got my number to her
man that's like a miracle say she like
my SW on myle
g girl love me girls hold me my girls
sex pull up
inum FX first day sex
[Music]
next I don't get this this diode
pointing from ground what does that do
cuz our compared to glitch out in a
certain condition I've decided to
eliminate it using another
diode whenever the voltage of the
comparator input tries to go negative
the diode
[Music]
will well if the voltage is negative
then we can pull from
ground so I guess that makes
sense
[Music]
wait but I think that there's some good
ones left in
here bro SoundCloud you're so
bad
[Music]
listen to that I don't know these mixes
are so good I love
[Music]
them
on
[Music]
out
will simply behave like the compared in
our previous iteration whenever the
input voltage is above 3.8 will get a
constant 12 the diod afterwards serves
the same purpose as the one up top it
blocks the compar character's low
State
yeah after I've set up another
potentiometers a variable voltage
[Music]
divider
bro that's so annoying all right let's
do for the
[Music]
summer
see
[Music]
you
leg around my
[Music]
my
many many many
[Music]
many
yeah
hello
[Music]
hello look Mommy I'm no good I'm so CL
so so leave so killer I'm not your
companion to
[Music]
I
SC
[Music]
upit
theck when the cops
come yeah this is for the
B
[Music]
jjap
clap
[Music]
them
said
[Music]
hello
i' be cry if I look like that too bro
that's up what they be doing i't
hold you br I be saying that's up
like bro you had the
full
[Music]
be I feel like that's useful I might
actually want to implement that
inverted
[Music]
oh
man
[Music]
stre
my
[Applause]
how did he do
it
all right so I'm sold
on the inverted I think that's great cuz
that's going to sound super
cool that's what it's going to sound
like
[Music]
turns out it's doable quite easily with
another opamp which will set up as an
inverting
buffer but instead of connecting the
non-inverting to ground as you normally
do minus we give a constant 6 volts
you got pick up your kids go to the
oh here here's the
divider
[Music]
out
hello
[Music]
atpp
Shades up my braids when I Escalade when
I'm
rid esap I got it made the big of the a
sh CH repres
[Music]
house
with the dripping turn your missing Ain
tripping
[Music]
like my
gasoline with a t be a
[Music]
now
p
[Music]
yeah this thing bro yo for one you have
to you come
window I love this
[Music]
table see I don't know whether they give
you the resistor Val the resistor
kits like not according to this like I
want way more of the E3 and e6s than I
do the
e192 I just need like a small amount of
those for when it's whatever kind of
[Music]
annoying
no
[Music]
Bab
baby I don't know
[Music]
o
o my heart can't take me no
[Music]
more
I my heart can say no
all right I guess I get this so I'm sold
on that now what's
looping there's a loop mode for
[Music]
envelope
oh
baby
start
[Music]
baby
Schmid
trigger oh so this is how it
[Music]
works
whenever that output drops zero volts
our Watch Dog will re-trigger the
envelope and sit back and wait till it's
time to strike
again baby
[Music]
I okay here here we go we love it we
love it a lot a lot of people loved it
few people hate it but it's all good man
congratulating so I need a switch
so I need a switch I
can
[Music]
okay drop these
play
[Music]
D I love the editing on these the
editing on these is so
[Music]
good
dude he's using like a
[Music]
all right all
all okay
[Music]
soig
Li
[Music]
Di
but I'm just looking for a
switch
[Music]
single double single p double throat
single throat double P
wait
double
[Music]
I think it's that
right
[Music]
if
it's lot of people question the title
they want to know what it means my main
goal is to blow up and then act like I
don't know
[Music]
nobody all right so this thing is like
kind of making sense to
me
them doors that was closed I ripped the
doors off and took the hinges off and
when I took the hinges off I put the
hinges in the boy's
hands yeah in the boy
hands not I took the whole door off
thees what is the
[Music]
diode got your main big
bing say
bro blah blah blah blah blah
blah
I
got
I I
got I
[Music]
got
okay we're going to figure this out cuz
this is going to be
tough Ferrari Man in the Mirror how you
choose the B someone said calling I
don't feel like talking everything get
return away about itone be interrupting
me while I'm
record
a a no wish you I got C
I just got it off the scale I
[Music]
got I
got
[Music]
I
I go again one of my friends they don't
give a damn all they want to know
is what I got to give how much I what I
got to what I what I didn't do foring
inwhere on
[Music]
theim out I just got it in asking what I
cop none of your concern one day you
going to learn what you trying to get
everything on sale going out of B up
jail got to be the kids you around the
city you know what it is when the
business put that
[Music]
on I
got I
got
[Music]
the like you in
the a lot of chips she don't really get
a lot of this engaging I'm ging at a
ain't no attemp amazing hanging slanging
D may we
[Music]
could I
got I got
what is
that holy that's a bug
that's so
[Music]
crazy
like I'm bu what you say do it look like
I'm and bull I mean it don't look like
the top
[Music]
days
just
[Music]
yeah
I'm
[Music]
on
that is so
[Music]
I feel like routing this is actually
going to be tougher than the other
[Music]
ones
why why oh my God Kat you're so
dumb be the
best and I got to up because I just
[Music]
my
I don't know if I'm going to put that
transistor in we can leave that out for
now
[Music]
ferar
me for myter for toest me like a
i23
come
laig
du
[Music]
iig and
tell in my ring Bas can I be exfoliated
they I'm Associated I'm the one that
orated yeah get ass
[Music]
wh
to get it back
R
[Music]
like play
got over my
ass